[Marketplace Contribution] SentinelOne - Content Pack Update (#26172)
demisto/content: Packs/SentinelOne/ReleaseNotes/3_2_0.md

#### Integrations

##### SentinelOne v2

> - %%UPDATE_RN%%

Reviewer: Readme got updated.

#### Integrations

##### SentinelOne v2

> 
> - sentinelone-get-alerts - changed created_until mandatory field to optional
> - sentinelone-get-alerts - updated created_from and created_until command arguments to accept date inputs like "10 days", "2 hours","5 months"
> - sentinelone-get-threats - updated created_after, created_before, created_from and created_until command arguments to accept date inputs like "10 days", "2 hours","5 months" 
> - fetch - added the option to fetch threats, alerts or both including additional filtering option
> - sentinelone-get-status - added - returns status of a Deep Visibility Query
> - Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.11.56082*.

Reviewer 2: regarding the first note, created_until in the yml file is defined as required even with your changes
```suggestion
- Updated the *created_until* argument to be optional instead of required in the ***sentinelone-get-alerts*** command.
- Updated the *create_until* and *created_from* arguments to accept input in the form of "10 days", "2 hours","5 months" in the ***sentinelone-get-alerts*** command.
- Updated the *create_after* *created_before* *created_from* and *created_until* arguments to accept input in the form of "10 days", "2 hours","5 months" in the ***sentinelone-get-threats*** command.
- Updated the. ***fetch-incidents*** command to fetch threats, alerts or both, including additional filtering options.
- Added a new command ***sentinelone-get-status***: returns status of a Deep Visibility Query.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.11.56082*.
```
